Allow the usage of git-trailers for changelog messages (#165)
matrix-org/vodozemac: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to vodozemac

Thank you for taking the time to contribute to Matrix!

This is the repository for Vodozemac, a Rust implementation of Olm and Megolm.

# Writing changelog entries

We aim to maintain clear and informative changelogs that accurately reflect the
changes in our project. This guide will help you write useful changelog entries
using git-cliff, which fetches changelog entries from commit messages. 

## Commit Message Format

> We support the default Conventional Commits format, along with a specific git
> trailer for the changelog message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commit messages should be formatted as Conventional Commits. In addition, some
git trailers are supported and have special meaning (see below).
```

### Conventional Commits

Conventional Commits are structured as follows:

```
<type>(<scope>): <short summary>
```

The type of changes which will be included in changelogs is one of the following:

    feat: A new feature
    fix: A bug fix
    doc: Documentation changes
    refactor: Code refactoring
    perf: Performance improvements
    ci: Changes to CI configuration files and scripts

The scope is optional and can specify the area of the codebase affected (e.g.,
olm, cipher).

### Changelog Trailer

> In addition to the conventional commit format, you can use a git trailer to
> specify the changelog message explicitly. When the `Changelog` trailer is defined,
> the value from the trailer will be used in the changelog instead of the commit's
> first line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the Conventional Commit format, you can use the `Changelog` git
trailer to specify the changelog message explicitly. When that trailer is
present, its value will be used as the changelog entry instead of the commit's
leading line.
```

#### Example Commit Message
```
feat: Add a method to encode Ed25519 public keys to Base64

This patch adds the Ed25519PublicKey::to_base64() method, which allows us to
stringify Ed25519 and thus present them to users. It's also commonly used when
Ed25519 keys need to be inserted into JSON.  

Changelog: Added the Ed25519PublicKey::to_base64() method which can be used to
stringify the Ed25519 public key.
```

In this commit message, the content specified in the Changelog trailer will be
used for the changelog entry. If the Changelog trailer is absent, the first line

> of the commit message (after the colon) will be used instead.

Reviewer 2: This is kind of repeating what's before the example commit message above, so not sure we want to keep that?

Author: Yeah, removed the second sentence, thanks.

> In this commit message, the content specified in the Changelog trailer will be
> used for the changelog entry. If the Changelog trailer is absent, the first line
> of the commit message (after the colon) will be used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this commit message, the content specified in the `Changelog` trailer will be
used for the changelog entry. If the `Changelog` trailer is absent, the first line
of the commit message (after the colon) will be used instead.
```

### Security fixes

> Please use the Git trailer style exclusively for changelog entries related to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use the git trailer style exclusively for changelog entries related to
```

> security issues, as this allows for a detailed description of the impact. Please

Author: Thanks for taking a look, removed the redundant pleasing.

> Please use the Git trailer style exclusively for changelog entries related to
> security issues, as this allows for a detailed description of the impact.
> 
> Security issues have some additional git-trailers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commits addressing security vulnerabilities must include specific trailers for
vulnerability metadata. These commits are required to include at least the
`Security-Impact` trailer to indicate that the commit is a security fix.
```

>     Security-impact: The magnitude of harm that can be expected, i.e. low/moderate/high.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Security-impact: The magnitude of harm that can be expected, i.e. low/moderate/high/critical.
```

>     Security-impact: The magnitude of harm that can be expected, i.e. low/moderate/high.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Security-Impact: The magnitude of harm that can be expected, i.e. low/moderate/high.
```
